Update hosted.md and build-image.md (#10485)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/pipelines/agents/hosted.md

#### Xamarin

> 

Reviewer: I'd add some intro about how versions are stored, like
```
**Hosted macOS** agent stores Xamarin SDK versions and the accosiated Mono versions as a set of symlinks to Xamarin SDK locations that are available by a single bundle symlink.
```

>   To manually select a Xamarin SDK version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent, before your Xamarin build task, execute this command line as part of your build, specifying the symlink to Xamarin versions bundle as needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To manually select a Xamarin SDK version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent, before your Xamarin build task, execute the following bash command as a part of your build, specifying the symlink to Xamarin versions bundle as needed.
```

>   To manually select a Xamarin SDK version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent, before your Xamarin build task, execute the following bash command as a part of your build, specifying the symlink to Xamarin versions bundle as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To manually select a Xamarin SDK version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent, execute the following bash command before your Xamarin build task as a part of your build, specifying the symlink to Xamarin versions bundle that you need.
```

  `/bin/bash -c "sudo $AGENT_HOMEDIRECTORY/scripts/select-xamarin-sdk.sh <symlink>"`

>   The list of all available Xamarin SDK versions and symlinks can be found in these documentations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The list of all available Xamarin SDK versions and symlinks can be found in the agents documentations:
```

  - [macOS 10.15](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments/blob/main/images/macos/macos-10.15-Readme.md#xamarin)

>   - [macOS 11.0](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments/blob/main/images/macos/macos-11.0-Readme.md#xamarin)

Reviewer 2: Please remove macOS 11.0 because it is not available in ADO. Instead - provide link to 10.14

#### Mono

>   To manually select a Mono version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent pool, before your Mono build task, execute this script in each job of your build, specifying the symlink with the required Mono version (the link to the list of all available symlinks can be found in Xamarin section above):

Reviewer: I think we should add link to the section

```suggestion
  To manually select a Mono version to use on the **Hosted macOS** agent pool, execute this script in each job of your build before your Mono build task, specifying the symlink with the required Mono version (list of all available symlinks can be found in the [Xamarin section](#xamarin) above):
```
